New Alien Species: the Jibauni (#10867)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/jibauni/jibauni missions.txt

				set "jibauni: paid an-lo and re-sop back"
			`	"Shukran jezeelem," says An-lo. The translation device makes no attempt to translate these words.`
				goto end
			label dockpayment
			`	"That was kind of him," says Re-sop. "But why do you mention it?"`
			choice
				`	"Because I wanted to pay you that money back."`
				`	"No reason, just curious."`
					goto end
			action
				payment -1000
				set "jibauni: paid an-lo and re-sop back"
			`	"Very kind of you," she says.`
			label end
			`	Both Jibauni exit the <ship> with their bags, and you go about your business.`

mission "Jibauni: Ru-win 0"
	minor
	name "Ru-win to <planet>"
	description "Take Ru-win, who you talked to on <origin>, to <planet>."
	source "Kanlil"
	destination "Baitoon"
	passengers 1
	to offer
		has "language: Jibauni"
		has "Jibauni Culture: Hajay Intersystem: declined"
		not "jibauni: didn't ask about hajay intersystem"
		random < 16
	on offer
		conversation
			`As you walk into the spaceport, one Jibauni catches your eye. They seem to be looking for someone, and are glancing all over the place.`
			choice
				`	(Go and see what is going on.)`
				`	(Stay here.)`
					goto stay
				`	(Leave.)`
					decline

> 			`	You walk toward the Jibauni, and ask, "What is happening?" As you notice that it's Ru-win, she gives a start and replies, "At last! The human captain, <first>! There you are! Come with me over here to a more quiet place, I need to ask you something." She pushes you over to a bench.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	You approach the Jibauni and immediately recognize Ru-win, she gives a start and says, "At last! The human captain, <first>! There you are! Come with me over here to a more quiet place, I need to ask you something." She pushes you over to a bench.`
```

				goto question
			label stay

> 			`	After a bit longer of looking around, the Jibauni heads your way, and you notice she is Ru-win. "Captain <last>! I need to ask you something! Come over to this seating area with me?" She pushes you over to a bench.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	After a bit longer of looking around, the Jibauni heads your way, and you recognize Ru-win. "Captain <last>! I need to ask you something! Come over to this seating area with me?" She pushes you over to a bench.`
```

			label question
			`	As you sit down, she says, "The thing I am looking for help with is transport to Baitoon. I need to get there and buy a ship, fast, before I run out of... well, let me tell you the story from the beginning. A while after you saw me, on Kanlil, my ship ran into snags. When I took it to the repair shop, they said they could not fix it. I sold it to them for a mere trifle."`
			`	"So, what do you say? Will you take me to Baitoon? Do realize that I do not currently have the money to pay you though."`
			choice
				`	"Sure, I'll take you."`

> 				`	"No, sorry. I don't go around giving rides to random strangers."`

Reviewer: The only no option is one where you are kind of insulting. Maybe have another no that is less insulting? You could even do a defer with, "Sorry, I am busy right now."

Reviewer: Well, maybe something like. "Not interested."?

					goto decline
			`	"Great! Thank you so much. I'll be at your ship shortly."`
				accept
			label decline

> 			`	"Really? Well, at any rate, best of luck to you wherever you go." Ru-win makes what you assume to be the equivalent of a sigh and disappears into the spaceport.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Really? Well, at any rate, best of luck to you wherever you go." Ru-win makes odd noise, which you assume is a sigh, and disappears into the spaceport.`
```

			choice
				`	"You keep it."`
				`	"Thank you. Goodbye."`
					goto done
			`	"No, you take it. I will go now." She presses the <payment> into your hand, and leaves before you can do anything.`
			label done

event "jibauni: third ruwin mission"

mission "Jibauni: Ru-win 2"
	minor
	name "Meet up with Ru-win"
	description "The Jibauni lady Ru-win, whom you helped investigate a job opening, has requested you to go to <planet> for a meeting."
	source
		government "Jibauni"
	destination "Taltahard"
	passengers 1
	to offer
		has "Jibauni: Ru-win 1: done"
		has "event: jibauni: third ruwin mission"
		has "visited planet: Solace"
		has "visited planet: Winter"
	on offer
		dialog `Landing on <origin>, you receive a call from Ru-win. "Could you come to <planet destination>, <first>? I would like to tell you something, in person."`
	on accept
		event "jibauni: ruwin more than sixty days" 59
		event "jibauni: ruwin more than 180 days" 179

event "jibauni: ruwin more than sixty days"

event "jibauni: ruwin more than 180 days"

mission "Jibauni: Ru-win 3"
	landing
	source "Taltahard"
	to offer
		has "Jibauni: Ru-win 2: done"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`Ru-win approaches your ship as you land, acting excited. However, the only explanation you get is, "Come with me for a moment please, Captain <last>." Following her, you are led to a restricted part of the spaceport. The guard seems unwilling to let you in, but when Ru-win flashes some sort of badge you are speedily admitted. Finally, the two of you reach a bastion of the Jibauni military, a Nathar.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`Ru-win excitedly approaches your ship. However, the only explanation you get is, "Come with me for a moment please, Captain <last>." Following her, you are led to a restricted part of the spaceport. The guard seems unwilling to let you in, but when Ru-win flashes some sort of badge you are speedily admitted. Finally, the two of you reach a bastion of the Jibauni military, a Nathar.`
```

			`	"Perfect! I will tell my crew. I will meet you in the spaceport!"`
				decline
			label decline
			`	"Nu'tumunu, Captain. May you be protected on your travels," Ru-win coldly responds.`
			`	One of the Muna Wasa's crew escorts back out of the restricted-access area with the guard frowning at you as you pass. Upon arriving at the <ship>, the crew member turns and mysteriously disappears.`
				decline

mission "Jibauni: Ru-win 4"
	priority
	name "Escort the <npc>"
	description "Escort the ship of Ru-win, which is called, <npc> to <planet stopovers> and back to <planet>. The Jibauni are interested in exploring, and this is one of the ways you can help them."
	source "Taltahard"
	stopover "Solace"
	destination "Taltahard"
	to offer
		has "jibauni: agreed to take ruwin to solace"
	on offer
		conversation
			`Ru-win is at your rendevouz before you are. She thanks you in the name of her crew for agreeing to take them to a human planet. Then she asks, "Exactly where are you going to take us?"`
			choice
				`	"I think Winter. It's a busy planet with a lot of people on it."`
				`	"I'll take you to Solace. It's a forest planet with some people but not too many."`
					goto solace

> 			`	"If this planet is busy, as you say, then what are the chances of us being seen? Dinosaurs roaming around, will they be received well? Somehow I doubt it," returns Ru-win. "Do you know of a less busy planet?"`

Reviewer: So, unless I've misunderstood something, the Jibauni aren't dinosaurs (a broad range of animals that include non-extinct birds). They are aliens. But, by a quirk of evolutionary chance they look like small, non-feathered T-Rexes (with more functional arms?). All of this leads me to conclude, that while a human observer familiar with earth prehistoric fauna (does everyone on every world still learn about earth's ancient life?) might think they are looking at a walking dinosaur, or T-Rex, or Allosaurus or even Utah Raptor (due to how much smaller the Jibauni are - and what exactly there arms look like), I am not convinced the Jibauni would see themselves as dinosaurs. 

With that in mind, I think instead of Ru-Win worried about being seeing dinosaurs roaming around, she'd be worried about them seeing lumbering aliens roaming around.

Author: The Jibauni think that humans will think that they're dinosaurs.
Given that the Jibauni are simply small T-Rexes, I doubt it's a problem.

Reviewer: But why do they think that? It's entirely possible that 600 million years ago, on the Jibauni homeworld, that there were  bipedal savanna ape-analogs that the Jibauni Paleontologists have called, 'Gorgmaks'. Now, any random human arriving a Jibauni, who isn't sat down by them and explained this niche history - or stumbles into a Gorgmak theme park - will not know that they look a lot like Gorgmaks. Also, some there might be difference between Gorgmaks and humans. Maybe to a human, a Gorgmak looks a lot more like a Gorilla - while the nuance in differences between the two is lost on a much less discerning Jibauni. All of this is to say, a human wandering around a Jibauni world a thinking, "Man, it must be weird for them to see Gorgmak's roaming around." is very unlikely without a lot of pre-built context. They would just think of themselves as aliens, "I am sure they'd notice the weird alien walking around!" 

All of that is ignoring the fact that Gorgmak isn't even a good analog for dinosaur here, it's a good one for _Theropod_. The Jibauni look like theropods. To say they look like dinosaurs makes about as much sense as saying a human looks like a mammal. There are many, many, many dinosaurs that the Jibauni look nothing like. But they look like most Theropods. 

Finally, I recommend doing writing pass where you make the features and limitations of the Jibauni more evident. If they have tiny semi-useless arms, the player should notice them struggle with basic tasks, or use their mouth to help them. If they have large powerful legs, it should be terrifying and exhilarating to watch them run. If they roar while talking, those roars should at times overwhelm the translator and alarm the player. Right now, for most interactions, its easy to forget they are human sized T-Rexes.

			choice
				`	"How about Solace? It's not that busy, and I believe it would adequately suit your needs."`
			label solace
			`	"Great! We have been preparing for ages, so I am ready to go when you are," says Ru-win. Her crew seem to share the sentiment, and tell you they will launch when you do."`
				accept
	on stopover
		conversation
			`The Jibauni are awed at <stopovers>. They say that they have never seen trees before.`
			`	After spending a while on the planet, you hear an airplane approaching.`
			choice
				`	(Tell the Jibauni to hide.)`
				`	(Attempt to destroy the airplane with the <ship>.)`
					goto destroyedairplane
				`	(Ignore it.)`
					goto jibaunireported

> 			`	"Quickly, everyone. Get back into the <npc>!" you call. "There is an airplane approaching that could be trouble!"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Quickly, everyone. Get back into the <npc>!" you call. "We don't want to be seen!"`
```

			`	You and the Jibauni are able to hide before anybody or anything spots you. Safe for now.`

> 			`	Soon, everyone is back out of hiding. Ru-win requests that you escort her ship back to <destination> immediately.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Once everyone is back out of hiding, Ru-win requests that you escort her ship to <destination> immediately.`
```

				launch
			label destroyedairplane
			action
				"reputation: Merchant" -= 1000 # This does not affect reputation with the major human governments such as FW or Republic; if the player is also doing their storyline at the time there could be trouble.
				event "ruwin: merchant reputation back to normal" 3

> 			`	A well-placed shot from the <ship>'s weapon placements sends the plane crashing to the ground. You realize that this could be trouble later.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	A well-placed shot from the <ship> sends the plane crashing to the ground. You realize that this could be trouble later.`
```

Author: ```suggestion
			`	A well-placed shot from the <ship> sends the plane crashing to the ground as you realize that this could be trouble later.`
```

			`	A member of Ru-win's crew tells you that they are ready to go. Soon you leave <planet stopovers>, hoping that nobody will find out what has happened.`
				launch
			label jibaunireported

> 			`	After a while longer observing the flora and fauna in <planet stopovers>'s forests, you hear a loudspeaker in the direction of the <ship>; apparently people are approaching. Ru-win comes up to you requesting that you escort her and her crew back to <destination> immediately, before the humans arrive. You agree.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	After spending some time observing <planet stopovers>'s forests, a loudspeaker in the direction of the <ship> starts blaring; people are approaching. Ru-win hurries up to you and requests that you escort her and her crew back to <destination>, before the humans arrive. You agree.`
```

Author: ```suggestion
			`	After some time observing the flora and fauna in <planet stopovers>'s forests, you hear a loudspeaker in the direction of the <ship>; apparently people are approaching. Ru-win hurries up to you and requests that you escort her and her crew back to <destination> immediately, before the humans arrive. You agree.`
```

> 			`	The Jibauni and you barely make it back to your respective ships, leaving just after a search party breaks out of the woods into the clearing the <ship> and the <npc> are landed in.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	The Jibauni and you make it back to your respective ships in the nick time, leaving moments before a group of humans stumble out of the woods into and the clearing where the <ship> and the <npc> were parked.`
```

				launch
	on visit
		dialog `You have landed on <planet>, but the <npc> has not yet arrived! You should take off and wait for it before landing again.`
	on complete
		payment 1000000
		conversation
			`Ru-win and her crew thank you profusely for escorting them to <planet stopovers>. "This means a lot to me, Captain <first>," says Ru-win. "I cannot wait to report our discoveries to the Malik Oracle. It was nice meeting you, Captain!" With that, the crew of the <npc> leave.`
			`	Soon afterwards, you receive a message from an anonymous source authorizing the transfer of <payment>.`
	npc accompany save
		government "Jibauni"
		personality
			disables
			frugal
			heroic
			merciful
			opportunistic
			plunders
			unconstrained
			confusion 9 # these are specially trained Jibauni
		ship "Nathar" "Muna Wasa"

event "ruwin: merchant reputation back to normal"
	"reputation: Merchant" += 1000

mission "Jibauni: Ji-wi"
	minor
	name "Take Ji-wi to <stopovers>"
	description "Ji-wi the Jibauni would like you to take him to <stopovers> and then back to <planet>."
	source "Kahbani"
	stopover "Baitoon"
	destination "Kahbani"
	to offer
		random < 15
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`You notice a Jibauni running between captains, every now and then pausing to ask something. You notice the Jibauni turn towards you and approach at a resolute pace.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`You notice a Jibauni running between captains, every now and then pausing to ask something. After a moment the Jibauni turn towards you and approaches you at a resolute pace.`
```

			choice
				`	(Wait for the Jibauni to reach you.)`
				`	(Leave the area.)`
					decline

> 			`	As you wait, you see the Jibauni pause to speak to other captains. But nothing comes of those encounters, and the Jibauni finally gets close to you.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	As you wait, the Jibauni pauses to briefly speak with other captains, before finally approaching you.`
```

			choice
				`	(Wait for it to say something.)`
				`	"My name is <first> of the <ship>. How's it going?"`

> 			`	"My name is Ji-wi," announces the Jibauni. "Can you take me to <stopovers> and then bring me back here? I will pay you <payment>."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"I am called Ji-wi," announces the Jibauni. "Can you take me to <stopovers> and then bring me back here? I will pay you <payment>."`
```

			choice
				`	"I'd be happy to take you."`
				`	"Sorry, no deal."`
					decline

> 			`	"Good! I will be ready and at your ship by the time you get back to it," says Ji-wi. He then leaves.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Good! I will be waiting at your ship," says Ji-wi. He then promptly leaves.`
```

				accept
	on stopover
		dialog `Ji-wi is only gone for a moment before returning and asking that you go back to <planet> soon.`
	on complete
		payment 1500
		conversation

> 			`"Thank you for transporting me to the capital and back," says Ji-wi, paying you <payment>. He then walks off into the spaceport of <origin>, answering no questions whatsoever about this trip.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`"Thank you for transporting me to the capital and back," says Ji-wi, paying you <payment>. He then hurries off into <origin>'s spaceport, before you have a chance to respond.`
```

mission "Jibauni: Dran-lin 0"
	minor
	name "Take Dran-lin to <planet>"
	description "Dran-lin would like you to take him to <destination>, to see whether moving to Rebel Jibauni worlds is a good idea."
	passengers 1
	source
		government "Jibauni"
	destination
		government "Jibauni (Rebel)"
	to offer
		random < 45
		not "event: jibauni rebel jibauni peace"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`As you are walking through the spaceport, you collide with a younger Jibauni. He immediately stands up and apologizes, then notices who you are. "Oh, the strange alien! Hello! May I ask of you a favor?"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`As you are walking through the spaceport, a young Jibauni nearly collides with you. He profusely apologizes, then blinks a few times as recognition dawns on their alien face. "Oh, the strange alien! Hello! May I ask of you a favor?"`
```

			choice
				`	"I guess."`
				`	"Sorry for bumping into you. Sure you can ask!"`
				`	"Nope, not right now. Other things to do."`
					goto decline
			`	"Would you be willing to transport me, Dran-lin, to the planet of <planet>? I would be interested in seeing the Rebel Jibauni and how they operate. I may end up joining them, or else I will ask you to take me back to a Jibauni planet."`
			choice
				`	"You know, the Rebel Jibauni are bad creatures. Are you sure you want to go?"`
					goto rebelsbad
				`	"The wonderful Rebel Jibauni? Sure, I'll take you immediately!"`

> 					goto rebelsgood

Reviewer: I am thinking there could be a neutral response here as well? Maybe you don't feel too strongly about the rebels either way. A job's a job.

			label rebelsbad
			action
				set "jibauni: dran-lin: says rebels are bad"
			`	"I would like to at least check it out. Come on, please take me?"`
				goto choice
			label rebelsgood
			action
				set "jibauni: dran-lin: says rebels are good"
			`	"I am... surprised that you say that. Most I have met give them a bad reputation and a good scolding. But I would be happy to be taken!"`
			label choice
			choice
				`	"Alright, I'll take you."`
					accept

> 				`	"Anyway, I need to do something else, so I'm not going to take you after all."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				`	"On second though, I've changed my mind. I don't want to get involved. Find someone else to take you."`
```

			label decline
			`	The Jibauni drifts off disappointedly.`
				decline
	on complete
		payment
		event "jibauni: dran-lin gone" 1
		conversation

> 			`Dran-lin says, "I am going to explore the spaceport. Could you meet me at the main hotel in a few hours? If you do not, I will assume you do not want to take me back."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`Dran-lin says, "I am going to explore the spaceport. Could you meet me at the main hotel in a few hours? If you do not, I will find other transportation."`
```

event "jibauni: dran-lin gone"

mission "Jibauni: Dran-lin 1"
	priority
	name "Take Dran-lin to <planet>"
	description "Dran-lin didn't love the way <origin> felt, and would like you to take him to <destination> to see if it was just <origin> and not all Rebel planets that were like that."
	passengers 1
	source
		government "Jibauni (Rebel)"
	destination
		government "Jibauni (Rebel)"
		distance 1 1
	to offer
		has "Jibauni: Dran-lin 0: done"
		not "event: jibauni: dran-lin gone"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`Dran-lin meets you at the main hotel, which happens to be called Jivam Dar-li. "Could you take me to <destination>? I do not get a good sense from the spaceport of <origin>. Perhaps this city in particular is just bad."`

Reviewer: Personally, I think tavern sounds cool than hotel, and maybe these aliens don't have hotels.. but taverns. Just a random thought. Discard as your pleasure.

Author: The Jibauni don't really drink, so while tavern would definitely be better in a human context, I feel it misses the mark here.

			choice
				`	"Alright."`
				`	"Nope, sorry. I agreed to take you... once. No more."`
					goto declining?
			`	"Perfect! I will be ready when you are."`
				accept
			label declining?
			`	"You can not do that! It is not very kind; there is unlikely to be anybody who will take me back to Jibauni space. Please take me!"`
			choice
				`	"Oh, whatever. I'll take you to <planet>."`
					accept

> 				`	"My word is my word. Goodbye."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				`	"I meant what I said. Goodbye."`
```
just feels like you're kind of breaking the unstated promise to bring them back - so feels a little awkward to say your word is your word.

			action
				"reputation: Jibauni" -= 3

> 			`	Dran-lin continues to protest, until you leave, slamming the door behind you. The Jibauni may or may not be happy about this.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Dran-lin continues to protest, until you leave, slamming the door behind you.`
```
The additional note felt a little unneeded.

Author: Felt like it wouldn't be great to subtract reputation from the player without telling them, but that makes sense.

				decline
	on complete
		conversation

> 			`Dran-lin leaves the <ship> for a scouting run. "I will be back soon," he promises.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`Dran-lin leaves the <ship> the scout out the area. "I will be back soon," he promises.`
```

			branch "dran-lin put in jail"
				random < 3
			choice
				`	(Wait.)`
			branch "dran-lin likes"
				random < 60
				not "jibauni: dran-lin: says rebels are good"
			branch "dran-lin likes with input"
				random < 50
				has "jibauni: dran-lin: says rebels are good"
			label "dran-lin dislikes"
			action
				event "jibauni: dran-lin abandoned" 1

> 			`	He is back soon. "I really do not like this place," he announces. "It is even worse than <origin>, and that is saying a lot. Please meet me in the spaceport at the Indon-alo in an hour. I am going to the capital to ask a few questions. I mean, I guess I can stay if you do not come, but it would really be much appreciated if you do."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Dran-lin returns after only brief span of time. "I really do not like this place," he announces. "It is even worse than <origin>, and that is saying a lot. Please meet me in the spaceport at the Indon-alo in an hour. I am going to the capital to ask a few questions. I mean, I guess I can stay if you do not come, but it would really be much appreciated if you do."`
```

			branch "dran-lin put in jail"
				random < 15
			`	You head to the Indon-alo to wait for Dran-lin.`
				goto end
			label "dran-lin likes"
			action
				payment 5000
				set "jibauni: dran-lin stays with the rebels"

> 			`	He arrives back at your ship soon. "You know, Captain, I think I like this place. Thanks for bringing me! Here is a payment of <payment> for that." He disappears into the spaceport again.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Dran-lin promptly arrives at ship. "You know, Captain, I think I like this place. Thanks for bringing me! Here is a payment of <payment> for that." He turns and disappears into the spaceport.`
```

				goto end
			label "dran-lin likes with input"
			action
				payment 5000
				set "jibauni: dran-lin stays with the rebels"
			`	Dran-lin is soon back. "<last>, thanks for bringing me here! It is a really great place - you were right when you said the Rebel Jibauni were good. Or should I say Real Jibauni?" He trails off, and soon leaves, after giving you <payment> in chips of a credit each.`
				goto end
			label "dran-lin put in jail"
			`	He doesn't come. After hours of waiting, you decide that you will go and try to find Dran-lin. After a few hours of asking around, government officials tell you that he's been put in jail, though they won't give you a reason. "It will cost five thousand credits to get him out of there," they say.`
			choice
				`	"I'll pay that."`
				`	"Of course not! That's outrageous! He can stay there for all I care."`
					goto dranlinimprisoned
			action
				payment -5000

> 			`	Dran-lin is released immediately. "Thank you," he says when he learns who paid for the release. "I have one more thing to wrap up, but then meet me in the spaceport. I am going home."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Dran-lin is released immediately. "Thank you," he says when he sees you, obvious relief flooding his alien face. "I have one more thing to wrap up, but then meet me in the spaceport. I am going home."`
```

Could there be an option here for they ask to leave immediately, and you do a launch command?

				goto end
			label dranlinimprisoned
			action
				set "jibauni: dran-lin stays with the rebels"
				"reputation: Jibauni" -= 3

> 			`	"Well, he will just stay there for life, then," replies the Rebel. You are taken back to the <ship> and left to ponder what you have just done.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"If no pays the fine, he'll remain imprisoned for life. That is our way," replies the Rebel. You are taken back to the <ship> and left to ponder what you have just done.`
```

			label end
			
event "jibauni: dran-lin abandoned"

mission "Jibauni: Dran-lin 2"
	priority
	name "Take Dran-lin back to <planet>"
	description "Dran-lin did not like the Rebel Jibauni's method of living, and wants you to take him back to <destination>."
	passengers 1
	to offer
		has "Jibauni: Dran-lin 1: done"
		not "jibauni: dran-lin stays with the rebels"
		not "event: jibauni: dran-lin abandoned"
	source
		government "Jibauni (Rebel)"
	destination
		government "Jibauni"
	on offer
		conversation
			`Dran-lin comes rushing back to your <ship model>. "Why do we not leave immediately," he says, panting. You see Rebel soldiers running after him, and quickly agree.`
				launch
	on complete
		payment
		payment 750
		conversation

> 			`"Thank you for transporting me all over the galaxy," says Dran-lin as the <ship> touches down. "It is very kind of you. Especially helping me escape from the Rebels! Here is <payment> for that." He walks into the spaceport, clearly much relieved that he survived this ordeal.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`"Thank you for transporting me all over the galaxy," says Dran-lin as the <ship> touches down. "It is very kind of you. Especially helping me escape from the Rebels! Here is <payment> for that." He walks into the spaceport, clearly relieved to have survived the ordeal.`
```
